# Craps! the best game in Nevada

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Craps is an amazingly complex game that can become so clear and simple after a few beers and some adrenaline! I First came in contact with this game when I was growing up through some friends in high school. Naturally once I was of legal age I had to go to Vegas to play. The first time I stepped up to a table in Vegas I felt my heart race, I had heard stories of people winning thousands of dollars at these tables like it was nothing. They call it beginner's luck and boy did I have some, the first time I threw the dice I was hooked and I started to win a lot of people a lot of money. However at this point I still had no idea how to bet on this crazy board that seemed to be endless with the betting options and tiny little words written all over. Over time I developed a better sense for betting strategies and how to feel out a shooter. That being said I am still no pro and definitely not rich off the times I played craps, in fact I have mostly lost money at the table. Although I have lost a fair bit to this exhilarating game, I am still as hooked by it as the first time I played. Like a junkie I can't help but want to go to Nevada and find the closest casino! But I don't, because I am married and I am afraid of my wife finding out haha. Although if I won the lottery I know where a good million would be spend! If you have never had the chance to play and are intimidated like most are, at least I definitely was, I suggest watching YouTube videos and all that but the best way to learn is to go and watch a live game. See how people play/bet and see how they get rewarded or punished for these strategies. Only then will you get a true sense of the game and have a true desire, or hunger to lose... I mean play or if you will chicken out like the rest. I mean, they do have a lot of nice slot machines, don't they?
